Updates to install and configure sections (#115)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-gitlab: README.md

## Installation

> In Mattermost 5.14 and later, the GitLab plugin is pre-packaged and no steps are required for installation. You can go directly to [Configuration](#configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Mattermost 5.16 and later, the GitLab plugin is included in the Plugin Marketplace which can be accessed from **Main Menu > Plugins Marketplace**. You can install the GitLab plugin and then configure it via the [Plugin Marketplace "Configure" button](#configuration).
```

In Mattermost 5.13 and earlier, follow these steps:
1. Go to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-gitlab/releases to download the latest release file in zip or tar.gz format.
2. Upload the file through **System Console > Plugins > Management**, or manually upload it to the Mattermost server under plugin directory. See [documentation](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/plugins.html#set-up-guide) for more details.

See [Compatibility](#Compatibility) for supported versions.

## Configuration

### Step 1: Register an OAuth application in GitLab
   
1. Go to https://gitlab.com/profile/applications or https://gitlab.yourdomain.com/profile/applications to register an OAuth app.
2. Set the following values:
   - **Name**: `Mattermost GitLab Plugin - <your company name>`
   - **Redirect URI**: `https://your-mattermost-url.com/plugins/com.github.manland.mattermost-plugin-gitlab/oauth/complete`, replacing `https://your-mattermost-url.com` with your Mattermost URL
3. Select `api` and `read_user` in **Scopes**
4. Save the application. Copy the **Application ID* and **Secret** fields in the resulting screen.

> 2. In Mattermost, go to **System Console > Plugins > GitLab**, and enter the **GitLab URL**, **GitLab OAuth Client ID**, and **Gitlab OAuth Client Secret**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In Mattermost, go to **Plugins Marketplace > GitLab > Configure**, and enter the **GitLab URL**, **GitLab OAuth Client ID**, and **Gitlab OAuth Client Secret**
```

### Step 2: Create a GitLab webhook

__Note for each project you want to receive notifications for or subscribe to, you must create a webhook__

> 1. In Mattermost, go to **System Console > Plugins > GitLab**, generate a new value for **Webhook Secret**. Copy it as you will use it in a later step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Mattermost, go to **Plugins Marketplace > GitLab > Configure**, generate a new value for **Webhook Secret**. Copy it as you will use it in a later step.
```

   - **URL**: `https://your-mattermost-url.com/plugins/com.github.manland.mattermost-plugin-gitlab/webhook`, replacing `https://your-mattermost-url.com` with your Mattermost URL
   - **Secret Token**: the webhook secret you copied previously
4. Select all the events in **Triggers**.
5. Add the webhook.

### Step 3: Configure plugin in Mattermost

1. Generate an at rest encryption key
   - Go to the System Console -> Plugins -> GitLab and click "Regenerate" under "At Rest Encryption Key"
   - Save the settings
2. (Optional) Lock the plugin to a GitLab group
   - Go to System Console -> Plugins -> GitLab and set the GitLab Group field to the name of your GitLab group
3. (Optional) Enable private repositories
   - Go to System Console -> Plugins -> GitLab and set Enable Private Repositories to true
   - Note that if you do this after users have already connected their accounts to GitLab they will need to disconnect and reconnect their accounts to be able to use private repositories
4. Enable the plugin
   - Go to System Console -> Plugins -> Management and click "Enable" underneath the GitLab plugin
5. Test it out
   - In Mattermost, run the slash command `/gitlab connect`

> 1. Go to **System Console > Plugins > GitLab** and do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to **Plugin Marketplace > GitLab > Configure** and do the following:
```

  - Generate a new value for **At Rest Encryption Key**.
  - (Optional) **GitLab Group**: Lock the plugin to a single GitLab group by setting this field to the name of your GitLab group.
  - (Optional) **Enable Private Repositories**: Allow the plugin to receive notifications from private repositories by setting this value to true.
    When enabled, existing users must reconnect their accounts to gain access to private project. Affected users will be notified by the plugin once private repositories are enabled.
2. Hit **Save**.

> 3. Go to **System Console > Plugins > Management** and click **Enable** to enable the GitLab plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Go to **Plugins Marketplace > GitLab > Configure > Enable Plugin** and click **Enable** to enable the GitLab plugin.
```
